on my desk you see three mice one of
which is my current favorite the
SteelSeries series I carry laser okay
the other of which is my old favorite
the Logitech g7 you can see this is a
very well used mouse I used it for a
very long time and the other one is one
that I would love to be my favorite this
is the new Logitech G 700 so basically
here's my problem with the g7 which I
loved a lot back in the day this is my
monitor this is a 30-inch monitor so
here's like my foot for scale okay
very large monitor as soon as I went up
to the resolution of 2560 by 1600 what I
found was that I was noticing a very
substantial input leg from my g7 I never
had problems with wireless peripherals
in the past and I don't know why but it
always seems to me that the higher
resolution you go the more of a problem
they become so back when I was running
at ha she was at 1280 by 960 and that
was with an MX duo I didn't have any
issues but then as soon as I upgraded my
monitor to this guy that is the Dell
24:05 fpw so that was a number of years
ago all of a sudden it was unusable and
so I had to change my my set my mouse at
that time and then when I went from that
monitor to this one Samsung 305 T plus I
had to get rid of my g7 because it was
unbearably slow like I'd I'd moved the
mouse and then there'd be a percept very
very perceivable lag and then the mouse
pointer would move so I went to the
Akari laser
now the g700 this one is just a unit
from our inventory so I only get to
tinker with it for a little while here
but what I wanted to know was is there
any in perceivable input lag with the G
700 even at very high res and the answer
is pretty much no so that was basically
the whole point of this video but I can
take a little bit of time and show you
guys the the drivers which are excellent
by the way I mean we've come to expect
that from Logitech so you can assign all
the buttons and there are many
oops you're gonna have a hard time
seeing though I suppose yeah there we go
so there are some buttons there there's
some buttons there they're the buttons
all over the place so you can assign
them to whatever you please
you can assign different DPI settings to
a bunch of different profiles you can
set the report rate you can set all
kinds of great stuff like what is it
called snapping or something along those
lines angle snapping right where it'll
correct for straight line movements
which I hate by the way I keep that off
these are actually my preferred setting
so I got a few different dpi settings I
got speed I got acceleration not using
the native OS I've got the polling rate
up nice and high which is a good thing
okay buttons very scrolling you can
change that battery oh my mouse this
battery is low which is fine because you
can actually plug the g700 in and use it
as a wired mouse and let it charge like
that
okay I've also got it set to the power
mode of max gaming so that might have
something to do with it I can manage
macros I love Logitech's macro software
I use it on my G 15 at home and my other
more different G 15 at work and so thank
you for checking out this little video
so for anyone who was wondering well
what's the what's what's the latency
like what's the wireless latency like
you know what it's pretty darn good it's
not perfect it's not what I can I can
feel it but it's not bothersome it's
very very very very slight and I'm I'm
really quite impressed with the G 700
and for some reason my camera won't
focus anymore I guess that's the camera
telling me it's time to end the video
thank you for watching don't forget to
subscribe to I really won't focus at all
look at that did I press manual focus no
but I have it on now so maybe that'll
fix it yeah there we go so thank you for
checking out this video don't forget to
subscribe to Linus tech tips from on
boxing's reviews and other computer
videos